Some individuals search for years before finding kingdom truth.
Consider Mary Kennedy. She came to the United States from Scotland
in the early 1900s at the age of 18 and found work as a housekeeper.
She dreamed of becoming a missionary. She found flaws in religion.
Still wanting to help others, Mary began training in the medical field.
And in 1910, she graduated from the Boston City Hospital Training School for nurses.
She continued to search for truth, but was disappointed by false doctrines and the hypocrisy she
found in many churches. She kept reading her Bible, even though she thought
she was finished with religion. While working at the Potenture Sanatorium in California,
she found what she'd been looking for. She came in contact with a nurse and Bible student
named Nellie Hanford. One day, Nellie shared with her what the Bible says about the condition
of the dead. Mary said that it was like a telephone switchboard in her mind with one light after
another turning on. Instantly, she knew she'd found the truth. She abandoned all her ambitions and
medicine and began a lifelong career as a full-time minister of the Bible. Some, like Mary,
actively searched for the truth. Others, find it, even though they weren't looking for it.
My life revolved around volleyball at the highest national level. Training every day,
traveling regularly and playing matches meant that everything else had to take second place.
I wasn't really searching for the truth, but my girlfriend started studying the Bible.
I thought, I'd really like to know more about this. I discovered that it's just like a jigsaw puzzle,
where all the pieces fit neatly into place. Daniel, chapter 2, in particular, intrigued me.
And I realized that it was important to do more with what I was learning.
So I had to decide between a temporary life in this world or eternal life on their god's kingdom.
I needed to make changes in how I spent my time and in my priorities. I was quite self-centered.
Right when I decided to stop, I got a lucrative offer to play with the defending champions for a year.
I could finally achieve all the things I had been working hard for all those years,
recognition and a good income, but I still decided to refuse their offer.
Before I came into the truth, I thought I knew how to achieve success, but Jehovah knows the
best way to succeed in life. I'm very glad that I'm now able to spend my time helping others,
and that's what brings true happiness. And now my wife and I serve Jehovah full time,
which is the best way you can use your life. Jehovah drew both Mary and beyond to the truth.
Both of them focused on the value, not the cost of kingdom truth.